[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back really good and you are
keeping well and safe at the moment in
today's video I'm going to be just
bringing you along in a day with me
spend the day with me that kind of vibe
just really chilled I'm gonna take you
through a workout and just show you what
go up to at home I'm hoping to have a
productive day I've got quite a few like
home delivery so I'm going to show you
some sister that I'm doing I'm doing a
bit of old DIY today it got some watch
too and I'll probably do some that
fitness chat in this vid as well it's a
good day the sun is shining it's been
blue skies for about a week now and I'm
so here for it today's video is
sponsored by Ana Luiza which is a
jewelry brand and it's so beautiful I'm
wearing some of their pieces I've got a
necklace this cute little ring which
fits perfectly I always struggle with
like wing sizes and gorgeous gold
bracelets I think it'd been intro
without this little face they love
sometimes you ever just look at your dog
and you used to expect them to start
speaking I feel very awake right now I
felt down Maison stairs like from his
office downwards I really hurt my elbow
and you don't you like very jittery
after how I want to show you what the
jewelry came in I wanted something that
really small not dainty because I'm
quite picky when it comes to necklaces I
don't really like anything too
overpowering it so this was perfect and
then I've got this gorgeous gold ring
but the quality of this is so nice and
really good from the price point because
the only thing when you buy like really
cheap jewelry in the past athan it just
doesn't last and like the clasps always
break that kind of thing but let me show
you my outfit of the day I've got the
funky shots on ever right now workout
outfit and I am obsessed through these
shorts like I'm so kind of got like the
tassel up the side straps shoot a body
workout I'm gonna make some pre-workout
that's one thing that I found super
helpful like just keeping as many things
as I can like similar to my normal
routine so like my pre-workout before a
workout and then even put in like my gym
trainers on like whilst are in the house
that I do not work out in slippers I
just feel like I don't have the right
workout as a good tip if you're
struggling it for motivation or like
getting through your workouts and stuff
hoodie on so I'm just gonna do it some
won't stuff and then I'll get into a
pre-workout is this optimal nutrition
this is the cola flavor I need to water
some more some really now I only use
like one scoop and it gives me a good
old provided drinking all before but I'm
just gonna like sleep it last and wear
perixx I had a coffee this morning and
like the caffeine Queen at the moment
[Music]
let's see
oh no monster
fine
perfect
[Music]
Hey
surfers
[Music]
so I've just finished my of the body
workout my arms are shaking right now
holding the camera
I am super hungry I'm gonna make some
breakfast as quick so possibly can I
feel like I'm about to pass out
oh my god trying to do press ups when
the penelope's round is impossible she's
so funny I'm just gonna have my
breakfast I generally have the same
thing I like to mix up my toppings but
it just works really well like with my
goals and stuff at the moment this is
what I started spray-painting yesterday
we've literally just some gold pain I've
never done this before so not the best
but and I was just thinking like you
can't really go to raw finish it off now
because I've ran out mid-wales
so it's that I hate doing stuff at half
parties I've just had service deliveries
and I've got this gorgeous site for
lavender I really like that I did all of
that honestly like six weeks ago and
it's only just arrived but I got her a
new lead for the car that car journeys
that you can plug in I ordered some
pampas grass from eBay and this is
what's arrived look that this was
definitely not on the picture and I'm
sure it was like 11 pounds so you know
that's great all my deliveries have just
arrived at once which is really good
I've got this lamp sits at this huge rug
I will show you what this property one
box we've got a new toaster because
we've been using that the oven for ages
or we just need you to get a scented
candle and I think there's some more
candles in there barbecues make a big
noise another coffee ice cube is gone
[Music]
just gonna make a quick lunch I'm too
literally just having some egg whites
some B's no sugar ones and a bagel thing
[Music]
so I'm just gonna have my lunch in the
garland whilst it's very sunny don't I
work barbecue arrive Masons just been
putting it together you've done that
really quick actually but this was only
50 pounds and is actually really big we
haven't gotten we haven't got any meat
in it so going to use it tomorrow and I
I'm just on my way later than usual for
me but I was just uploading a video or a
cocky untruth
I was just uploading a video and
everything really like in an evening
walk at the moment because there's
barely anyone around and it's just so
peaceful and I felt a bit stressed and I
Oh God
works so hard
I know that gorgeous day look at those
blue skies Ritchie knockout in sight I'm
absolutely loving there I'm just getting
ready in my dressing just in my lovely
dressing gown I've got my PJs underneath
and I'm about to put some back to where
I did my tan yesterday and I used some
sainte-marie which I haven't used in
years but I've ran out of everything
else and I really I which I never
thought they I remember it being that
super Orange something else to mention
oh my god I've been loving this
moisturizer I just got this off Amazon
and I love how much I can put on my face
it's like an a water-based moisturizer
but if you have like acne prone skin
this is a godsend I'm so gonna found it
and it isn't like crazy expensive at all
I put this on before I do my makeup and
on a night
so I'm going to go this little workout
outfit and a white hoodie
I think we living in a white hoodie
these days and of those tap the screen
to dress I love because as I always do
on my insert touch screen and I will be
right we're ready I'll link this outfit
down below just put my hoodie on over
the tops it's not the warmest and I
really like be short if they're not too
short short and I've got this under like
undergarment thing but I'm just about to
train and just written out my workout
plan I've been really liking doing that
I don't feel like I did that as much
when I was going to the gym and the gyms
were open
[Music]
sometimes I want you back I don't know
if I do sometimes I think about the boy
days we had but they were bad days and I
[Music]
she's very glad she ever shown you in
this little office room so here is the
reveal my new little office I need to
get a cool print to go in here I changed
I got a new rug and a lamp
some little bit I've just popped that
laughs and now it needs a bit more
character and opposed some groovy new
real yet this is what spray-painted I
wasn't sure if it's going out looking
quite tacky but I really like it and
I've got a nice big something something
on there they can die or the light comes
through which is refresh heat got a read
rest for the millionth time I split a
bit of coffee down my table that she and
I'm gonna head out for a walk in a
second cleaned the entire when I say
entire the whole house from top to
bottom
and I've just been getting outside ready
to have a barbecue so these are the
coffee ice cubes that we made yesterday
we did this as if you watched my China's
look we had these like really funky and
coffees and it would basically exactly
not mix so we ordered this thing off
Amazon oh really
I wasn't sure I couldn't not imagine it
probably freezing Surrey's it it's it
smells really nice it's like a chocolate
book in China we just have it without
milk or so we're just going out for lots
of snacks carrot really excited to have
our barbecue you've been doing like a
daily step count I've been sticking to
this for how long do you think
[Music]
I am going